Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-insertMany.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::insertMany()
=================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Insert multiple documents into a MongoDB collection using `insertMany()`, with options for validation, write concern, and session management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Insert multiple documents into a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library, with options for validation, write concern, and session management.
```
